I wanted to keep my game light-hearted. I had a hard time thinking of something autobiographical so I ended up originally proposing a game where the players helps me catch my cat and show erher, as it's a whole task to do that. I realized that it wasn't really autobiographical but then I realized that adopting her was a huge moment in my life. To me, it felt like a series of specific events that had to have happened or else I wouldn't have a cat. It was a huge deal, especially since I had given up on convincing my parents on adopting a cat. Even though it was 5 years ago, I still remember the day like it was yesterday. 

I learned a lot while working on this game. I'd like to think you could see the improvement from the beginning.js file. compared to the end.js and even the middle.js file. Because of my inexperience and mistakes, it led to a much harder time than I anticipated. I got bug after bug and needed outside sources like ChatGPT and other people's code to try and fix the code. It was frustrating because once I fix one thing, another breaks. There was so many lines of code and so much to read through that I missed out on tiny spelling mistakes. There were so many variables and different things to keep track of. If I could go back and change things, I would either organize the code way more or make the game simpler. I completely underestimated everything. 

Other specific issues that I could not figure out was the character and image array. It works fine when the size is 50 x 50 but I wanted to increase the size to 100 x 100 and the character wouldn't move. The beginning scene is also a whole mess.I set bounds to where the cats could go but sometimes they go out of bounds and spazz out. This goes back to when I was first starting the game and ended up making things more complicated than it should and making things harder in the long run. I also uploaded a font but ended up not using it because it lagged the whole game. I'm assuming it's because of all the unnecessary code I ended up writing. 

As mentioned before, I used ChatGPT to help me with this game. I mainly used it to ask what I may have been missing or what tiny mistake could cause such a troublesome bug. I also used it to help with the inventory and the boundaries of the furniture I also had trouble with loading random photos in an array, and found this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxjEl-pun7o to be incredibly helpful and solved the problem for me. 